to a small southern town he came as a
stranger so why are you from you name it
I've been there I got a little bit
important sell out my first two wives
marked by a mystery allow the Apostle EF
believe it or not the Lord sent me to
have fellowship with you you say God led
you to me not anybody else yes I do
believe yes
why should I trust you the Lord knows
what you could have been done in the
past haunted by a secret I want to live
like this anymore because of my wonder
nine-week your wicked ways I certainly
know as much about what you do and have
to unless you think I do I'm touched by
a power since I was a little boy you
brought me back from the dead I'm your
servant
what kind of preacher are you anyway you
name it I can do it
he has nothing to give but home oh you
did I like sparkle or before you think
no you're so far yourself and nothing to
gain but salvation
experience the movie the critics are
calling an intense portrait of a
charismatic American original a rare
display of spiritual light on screen
exciting and passionate yeah Joel
Chaisson thank you kiss a masterpiece
all I need is somebody is something to
hold on to it is time my life that's all
I need they look spammy Academy Award
winner Robert Duvall farrah fawcett
miranda Richardson and Billy Bob
Thornton get on out of here right now
I'll leave what a choose two mystery
yeah that's what I'll do in the
extraordinary story of a man about to
discover that the hardest soul to save
is his own what should I do tell me the
apostle
you